1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
    you don't have to repeat code

2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?
    when the function is called

3. What statement creates a function?
    def something():

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
    a function is defined in a 'black box' of code, a function call calls that defined block of code
    A function consists of the def statement and the code in its def clause. A function call is what moves the program execution into the function, and the function call evaluates to the function’s return value.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
    one global scope, many local scopes
    There is one global scope, and a local scope is created whenever a function is called.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
    it is eliminated after it is called
    When a function returns, the local scope is destroyed, and all the variables in it are forgotten.
7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?
    a return value is an evaluation of a function call. yes it can be part of an expression

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
    None

9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?
    by passing the global variable to the function

10. What is the data type of None?
    NoneType: same like null, nil, undefined

11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?
    imports modules that pertain to areallyyourpetsnamederic

12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?
    spam.bacon()

13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?
    You can put it in a try clause and catching the error

14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?
    potential errors that crash the program should go into a try clause. error messages should go in the except clause